Exhibit A - Statement of Work





Foodzie - Email Newsletter Redesign

Date: 1/12/09

Between Al Abut (Interaction Designer)
and Foodzie





Summary:

You (Foodzie) are hiring me (Al Abut) to design an email newsletter for the price of $3000.00 as outlined in our previous correspondence. Of course it's a little more complicated, you can bail after reviewing designs for example, but we'll get to that.



What do both parties agree to do?

As my customer, you have the power and ability to enter into this contract on behalf of your company or organization. You agree to provide me with everything that I need to complete the project including text, images and other information as and when I need it, and in the format that I ask for. You agree to review my work, provide feedback and sign-off approval in a timely manner too. Deadlines work two ways and you will also be bound by any dates that we set together.

I have the experience and ability to perform the services you need from me and I will carry them out in a professional and timely manner. Along the way I will endeavor to meet all the deadlines set but I can't be responsible for a missed launch date or a deadline if you have been late in supplying materials or have not approved or signed off my work on-time at any stage. On top of this I will also maintain the confidentiality of any information that you give me.



Overall Project Milestones:

* interview w/ stakeholders and background research
* gathering of content & branding requirements
* one main design plus either 1) two rounds of revisions and some of the "possible extras" below, or 2) none of the "possible extras" below and as many rounds of revisions as I can fit in within the 40 hours of work.
* possible extra: usability tests
* possible extra: html/css development (if less than 2 revisions, as outlined above)



Rate:

I'll charge one of the two following rates:

* $65/hour - if you're happy with revisions and work as we go along and I complete at least 40 hours of work (it's also the continuing daily rate beyond 40 hours).
* $100/hour - if we decide to part ways at any point before the initial 40 hours of work.



Design 

I will create designs for the look-and-feel, layout and functionality of your email newsletter. This contract includes one main design plus the opportunity for you to make up to two rounds of revisions. If you're not happy with the designs at this stage, you may either:

 	1) cancel this contract and pay me in full for all of the work that I have produced until that point at the rate of $100/hour.
	2) continue to commission me to make further design revisions at the rate of $65/hour until the 40 hours are completed (which will probably exclude time for some of the "possible extra" features listed above)

I can also continue past the 40 hours at the daily rate ($65/hour), depending on availability and schedule with other clients.



XHTML/CSS layout templates

If the project includes XHTML or HTML markup and CSS templates, I will develop these using valid XHTML 1.0 Strict markup and CSS2.1 + 3 for styling. I will test all of the markup and CSS in current versions of all major browsers including those made by Apple, Microsoft, Mozilla and Opera. I will also test to ensure that pages will display visually in a ʻsimilar', albeit not necessarily an identical way, in Microsoft Internet Explorer 6 for Windows as this browser is now past it's sell-by date.

I will not test these templates in old or abandoned browsers, for example Microsoft Internet Explorer 5 or 5.5 for Windows or Mac, previous versions of Apple's Safari, Mozilla Firefox or Opera unless otherwise specified. If you need to show the same or similar visual design to visitors using these older browsers, I will charge you at the daily rate set out in my original estimate for any necessary additional code and its testing.



Photographs 

You will supply me photographs either in digital or printed format. If you choose to buy stock photographs I can suggest vendors of stock photography. Any time I spend searching for appropriate photographs will be charged at $75 per hour. 



Changes and revisions 

I know from plenty of experience that fixed-price contracts are rarely beneficial to you, as they often limit you to your first idea about how something should look, or how it might work. I don't want to limit either your options or your opportunities to change your mind.

The estimate/quotation prices at the beginning of this document are based on the number of days that I estimate I'll need to accomplish everything that you have told me you want to achieve. If you do want to change your mind, add extra pages or templates or even add new functionality, that won't be a problem. You will be charged the daily rate set out in the estimate I gave you. Along the way I might ask you to put requests in writing so I can keep track of changes.



Legal stuff 

I can't guarantee that the functions contained in any web page templates or in a completed web site will always be error-free and so I can't be liable to you or any third party for damages, including lost profits, lost savings or other incidental, consequential or special damages arising out of the operation of or inability to operate this web site and any other web pages, even if you have advised me of the possibilities of such damages.

If any provision of this agreement shall be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from this agreement and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
 
Phew.



Copyrights 

You guarantee to me that any elements of text, graphics, photos, designs, trademarks, or other artwork that you provide me for inclusion in the web site are either owned by your good selfs, or that you have permission to use them. 

When I receive your final payment, copyright is automatically assigned as follows: 

You own the graphics and other visual elements that I create for you for this project. I will give you a copy of all files and you should store them really safely as I am not required to keep them or provide any native source files that I used in making them. 

You also own text content, photographs and other data you provided, unless someone else owns them. I own the XHTML markup, CSS and other code and I license it to you for use on only this project. 

I love to show off my work and share what I have learned with other people, so I also reserve the right to display and link to your completed project as part of my portfolio and to write about the project on web sites, in magazine articles and in books about web design.



But where is all the horrible small print? 

Just like a parking ticket, you cannot transfer this contract to anyone else without my permission. This contract stays in place and need not be renewed. If for some reason one part of this contract becomes invalid or unenforceable, the remaining parts of it remain in place. 

Although the language is simple, the intentions are serious and this contract is a legal document under exclusive jurisdiction of American courts. Oh and don't forget those men with big dogs.



The dotted line 

Signed by and on behalf of Foodzie 
Signed by and on behalf of Al Abut
1/12/09

Everyone should sign above and keep a copy for their own records.
